
Tadoju Harikrishna's Comments
SLA adherence and Sprint Velocity: As I am working on a migration project(Mobile-IT-K8S), and we don't have a sprint-based project management approach in place.

Quality of deliverables: As part of Mobile-IT-K8s team DevOps engineer group I am responsible of migrating VM based applications to k8s (Microservices).

Achievements:
Recently received Customer Delight award.
Completed L0 Architect certification.
AWS certification- Completed the training- yet give the certification exam.
Completed the course in Certified Kubernetes Administrator (CKA) under Udemy platform
On-time deliverables:
I have handled and delivered 3 modules on-time(with team help) in the process of migrating VM based services to Kubernetes platform.
We(Offshore DevOps team of 2) have on-boarded all modules and services on Harness and give it to the team on-time to make use for the deployments on CAAS-2 cluster in various environments.
I have completed the project on-time and on-quality, exceeding the expectations of the client.
Day-to-day Responsibilities: Code changes & Code Reviews, delivery overseeing & ownership, Production deployment of microservices on Kubernetes, Client presentations, automation improvements of k8s.
Have been working on Migrating of 200+ services from VM to Kubernetes, migrated 150+ services till now -rest are in progress.
Code changes and code reviews while migrating the microservices and taken ownership of 3 modules which likely means I am the responsible for their development, maintenance, and any related changes.
Updating the chalk-page on the latest updates and prod deployments status on communication platform (like a Confluence page, chalk-page, or similar)
Continuous monitoring of migrated microservices to reduce latency and business impact, this is the overarching business value of the project.
Regularly connecting with business teams and architect teams on the improvements of automation and sharing the thoughts.
Grooming team members with DevOps concepts and micro services deployments on different environments.
Mentored few freshers in technical aspects who are newly added in the project. To complete the tasks by their own in right direction.
Helping the new team members for the smooth onboarding into Charter account by guiding the process.
Taken 20+ interview which help leadership for new Team building activity.
Regularly updating myself with latest technologies like AWS and DevOps tools, Harness, Splunk and Datadog and etc.
On-boarded various environments like dev1,dev2,int1,int2,hotfix, uat1,uat2,preprod,NCE & NCW and etc for all modules.
Created various environments for different purposes and deployed MSP Services on different environments including Production
Production Support: Provided extended support during production releases, particularly in the deployment and monitoring phases.

Leadership skills:
Taken 30+ interview which helps the leadership to identify and onboard new team members.
Have taken responsibility for creating Datadog dashboards and sharing them with the team for monitoring purposes to maintain system health and performance.
Have created weekly dashboards and presentations for client communication which are essential for keeping stakeholders informed about the project's progress.

My contributions to the team are indeed noteworthy and multifaceted. my contributions:

1.I've been involved in multiple facets of the team's work, including migrations from VM to Kubernetes (K8s). This indicates my versatility and ability to contribute effectively to various aspects of the Mobile-IT-K8S projects.

2.Production Support: Provided extended support during production releases, particularly in the deployment and monitoring phases,

3.My dedication and involvement in these areas make me as a valuable asset to the team. My ability to contribute to multiple modules and provide support during critical phases demonstrates your commitment to the team's success.
